---
Title: 100 weeks of consecutive releases! Release of dashboard generating tool
Date: 2016-06-13T12:38:23+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20160610
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/6653812171400495279
---

Mackerel has continued to make releases every week and, with the exception of the New Year's and GW holidays, has continued the release of new features without fail.

This week marks the 100th in a row!!

And we couldn’t have done it without all your support and feedback. 

We will continue to work hard and improve Mackerel’s features. 

## We’ve released a tool for generating dashboards

mkr 0.11.1 has been released.

A new `dashboards` subcommand has been added in mkr to automatically generate custom dashboards from the definition file. 

By defining in YAML, the definitions of the host or graph that you would like to post in dashboards, mkr generates a markdown for custom dashboard use and registers in Mackerel using the dashboard API. 

For more information, check out the help page below. 

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/advanced/cli:embed:cite]

## aws-ec2-ebs graph definitions will change

mackerel-agent-plugins 0.20.2 has been released. 

Wildcard characters can now be used for the metric name of aws-ec2-ebs. As a result, please note that the metric name will no longer be compatible with previous versions.

A summary of the updates for mkr and mackerel-agent-plugins follows below.

#### mkr 0.11.1

- Addition of the dashboard generating tool
- Addition of `-o` option to overwrite the role information in the `update` command

#### mackerel-agent-plugins 0.20.2

- aws-ec2-ebs: Wildcard characters can now be used for graph definitions 
