---
Title: Offset function added to customized graphs・User can now be specified in the
  agent’s plugin
Date: 2016-07-11T11:55:11+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20160708
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/6653812171404939340
---

On July 24th, an event called [July Tech Festa 2016](http://2016.techfesta.jp/) is being held. (Unfortunately, the event website is only offered in Japanese)

Hatena has become a sponsor for the event and our very own director, id:Songmu, is scheduled to give a presentation. 

If you plan to attend the event, you should definitely say hello.

Here is this week’s update.

## Offset function added to customized graphs

Offset is a function that adds a constant to the specified metrics. 

Offset has been added to the usable functions in customized graphs. 

Sometimes making the incremental difference more prominent for an up and down graph with a small range of large values, like from 10,000 to 10,100 for example, is desired. In this case, you can draw up a graph excluding 10000 that will become a point of reference by setting `offset(metric, -10000)`. 

For more information on customized graphs, please refer to the following help page.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/advanced/advanced-graph:embed:cite]

## User can now be specified in mackerel-agent’s plugin

mackerel-agent 0.32.1 has been released.

You can now specify the user running the plugin. 

```toml
[plugin.metrics.example]
command = "/path/to/example"
notification_interval = 10
user = "mackerelio"
```

By specifying as shown above, the plugin will be run by the specified user. 

## `-metric-key-prefix` option support for mysql plugin

mackerel-agent-plugins 0.21.2 has been released. 

You can now designate `-metric-key-prefix` in mackerel-plugin-mysql. As a result, when running multiple mysql on a single server, metrics can be graphed separately using `-metric-key-prefix`.

Other changes to mackerel-agent-plugins are as follows.

- mackerel-plugin-mysql: `-metric-key-prefix` option support
- README modification for several plugins
