---
Title: Updates for mackerel-agent-plugins and more
Date: 2017-09-15T15:00:00+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170915
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8599973812299787794
---

Well we’re halfway through September and it’s finally starting to feel like the fall season. It’s supposed to get chilly in the coming days. So be careful not to catch a cold!

Anyways, here is this week’s update information.


## Host metrics posted at 5-minute intervals can now be checked more than 25 hours retroactively
Up until now in Mackerel, when posting host metrics, which were supposed to be posted every minute, at an interval of 5 minutes or more, data rounded over 25 hours would be lost.

With this week’s update, it is now possible to check back on data more than 25 hours retroactively. As a result, past changes among metrics obtained with AWS Integration can be checked from Mackerel, even data with 5-minute granularity.

This is a part of the development of the “New Time Series Data System”. We are continually making improvements, so look forward to future updates. 


## The role name of the official role registered in Ansible Galaxy has been changed

The official role registered in Ansible Galaxy has been updated. The new version is  `0.7.0`. Along with this, we are changing the role name from `mackerel` to `mackerelio`. Please be aware that it will no longer be available under the old name.

Also with this update, check plugin options can be specified. Give it a try.


## Updates for mackerel-agent-plugins and more
Updates have been made for mackerel-agent-plugins and more. Continue below for the details.

### mackerel-agent-plugins v0.32.0
- [memcached]evicted.reclaimed and evicted.nonzero_evictions metrics were added.
- [accesslog] Adjusted to be able to scan long logs
- [mysql] Minor corrections were made.
- [Redis] Minor corrections were made.

### mkr v0.18.0
- [mkr create] Be able to specify `custom_identifier` by `--customIdentifier` option.

### cookbook-mackerel-agent
- It supports new package repository
    - About new package repository, please see the entry [https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170616:title] for details.


A big thanks to all of you who contributed!


## Mackerel at the AWS Cloud Roadshow 2017 Osaka!
We made this announcement last week, but Mackerel will be running a booth at the [AWS Cloud Roadshow 2017 Osaka](http://roadshow.awseventsjapan.com/osaka/?id=hatena) starting next week, on September 21st!

[http://roadshow.awseventsjapan.com/osaka/?id=hatena:title]


If you’re planning on attending the event, definitely stop-by our booth!
