---
Title: Response time measurement specifications adjusted for URL external monitoring・
  Temporary countermeasures for .io domain malfunctions to be restored　etc.
Date: 2017-10-20T10:44:48+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20171013
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8599973812309178030
---

Hello! Mackerel team CRE Inoue (id:a-know:detail) here. 

It’s starting to get pretty cold outside. Plus, it seems like we are in for some rain. People often refer to server monitoring as “a health examination for your server”, but since the seasons have changed, we should all probably take care of our physical health as well.

Anyways, here is this week’s update information.

## Response time measurement specifications adjusted for URL external monitoring
As announced on this blog the other day, response time measurement specifications for URL external monitoring were adjusted on October 12th, as scheduled. 

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20171004:embed:cite]

The following two points were adjusted.

- DNS name resolution time is no longer included in URL external monitoring response time measurement
- Response time is no longer recorded if the HTTP response does not return

When monitoring response times, be sure to keep an eye on metrics and adjust thresholds as necessary.


## 【Notice】Countermeasures taken in response to .io domain malfunction to be restored

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170921:embed:cite]

As announced in the above entry, countermeasures taken by Mackerel in response to the .io domain malfunction will be restored. The judgment interval for Mackerel's connectivity monitoring has been set to an interval longer than the negative cache TTL and is scheduled to be restored to its’ original interval (less than 10 minutes) on October 17th (Tuesday).

This is the one that received the agent update the other day (mackerel-agent has been updated with countermeasures for .io domain malfunctions - Mackerel blog #mackerelio). We will continue to support previous domains, but we also ask you to update your agent to minimize the impact of the possible future  .io domain failure.


## im.kayac service termination and Mackerel support
Service for [im.kayac.com](http://im.kayac.com/), one of Mackerel’s notification partners, will end on October 31st, 2017.

[http://im.kayac.com/:title]

By the end of this month, im.kayac will no longer be available as a notification channel for Mackerel. This is the first announcement, a detailed schedule will be announced separately.

## API release for Notification channels／Notification groups
We’ve released an API for Notification channels/Notification groups!

[https://mackerel.io/api-docs/entry/channels:embed:cite]





[https://mackerel.io/api-docs/entry/monitors:embed:cite]

By all means, try out automating notification configurations!


## Updates for Mackerel related OSS 
The following Mackerel related OSS have been updated. A big thank you to everyone who contributed!

### mackerel-agent-plugins v0.36.0
- mackerel-plugin-json added
    - This plug-in accepts standard output in json format and can output as custom metrics.
- [aws-dynamodb] graph definitions corrected
    - An issue occurred where some metric graphs were displayed with unintended names. This issue was corrected and will become incompatible.
    - The changes are as follows.
    - `custom.dynamodb.SystemErrors.SystemErrors.<command>` => `custom.dynamodb.SystemErrors.<command>`
    - `custom.dynamodb.SuccessfulRequests.SuccessfulRequests.<command>` => `custom.dynamodb.SuccessfulRequests.<command>`
    - `custom.dynamodb.ThrottledRequests.ThrottledRequests.<command>` => `custom.dynamodb.ThrottledRequests.<command>`
    - `custom.dynamodb.UserErrors.UserErrors.<command>` => `custom.dynamodb.UserErrors.<command>`
- [unicorn] metric-key-prefix option added
- [aws-elasticsearch] The type/content of metrics to be obtained have been improved.

### go-check-plugins v0.14.0
- [check-log] When the `return` option is specified, the target file name is now output as well.

### fluent-plugin-mackerel v1.1.0
- The version of the dependent package `mackerel-client-ruby` has been upgraded.
    - With this, the API request destination with fluent-plugin-mackerel is now `api.mackerelio.com` and [the effects from .io domain malfunctions](https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170921) can be avoided.

## Mackerel related events this month
We’ve been holding lots of Mackerel related events recently and we don’t plan on stopping anytime soon!

### 10/27 (Friday) - Mackerel UG organized・Monitoring workshop 
[Mackerel UG](http://mackerel-ug.hatenablog.com/), a group made up of volunteer Mackerel users, is organizing a monitoring workshop on Friday, October 27th in the offices of LINE!


[https://mackerel-ug.connpass.com/event/68478/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)


Although this event is being hosted by Mackerel UG, there’ll be discussions about other OSS monitoring tools such as Zabbix and Prometheus, so this is a good opportunity to think about server monitoring in general.


### 10/31 (Tuesday) - Mackerel booth ＠ AWS CloudRoadShow Fukuoka 
Following the event in Nagoya the other day, Mackerel will also be running a booth at the AWS CloudRoadShow Fukuoka!

[http://roadshow.awseventsjapan.com/fukuoka/index.html:title] (Japanese only)

Come and join us on the last leg of our national tour with the AWS CloudRoadShow!

### 10/30 (Monday) - Mackerel team CRE to present at Geeks Who Drink in Fukuoka -Monitoring Workshop Edition-！

On the day before the above-mentioned AWS CloudRoadShow Fukuoka, Monday October 30th, Mackerel team CRE・id:Soudai:detail will be presenting at [Geeks Who Drink in Fukuoka -Monitoring Workshop Edition-](https://nulab.connpass.com/event/68737/) held at the Fukuoka branch offices of Nulab Co., Ltd.!

[https://nulab.connpass.com/event/68737/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

At this workshop, you’ll be able to listen to talks on diverse topics such as operation monitoring with Nulab services (Backlog), container monitoring from GMO Pepabo, and more. We still have plenty of room, so please join us if you’re interested!
