---
Title: 'mackerel-agent, mackerel-check-plugins, and mkr have been updated '
Date: 2017-01-13T17:10:42+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170113
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10328749687206358574
---

Hello! This weekend is forecasted to be the strongest cold wave of the season with heavy snow and low temperatures touching along the northern part of Japan. It seems as though winter has arrived! Is everyone staying warm? 

It appears as though I’ve already caught my SECOND cold of this season and I am currently reflecting on the mismanagement of my own health.

On a different note, the first official event of the new year, [Mackerel Meetup #9](https://mackerelio.connpass.com/event/47863/), will be held on January 26th(Thurs.)!

[https://mackerelio.connpass.com/event/47863/:embed:cite]

We’ll be renting out Rekochoko’s fantastic space for the event venue. We plan on having presentations from both RecoChoku and KDDI as well as a presentation on Mackerel’s 2017 Development Road Map.

Incidentally, Mackerel has a history of being jinxed by bad weather on the day of official events, but we’ll keep our fingers crossed.

Anywho, here is this week’s update information.

## mackerel-agent, mackerel-check-plugins, and mkr have been updated

mackerel-agent, mackerel-check-plugins, and mkr have been updated. Details for each are as follows.

### mackerel-agent 0.39.1

* The problem of graph definitions not being correctly created when using mackerel-agent-plugins in a Windows environment has been fixed.
* It is now possible to exclude metric collection from specific file systems in Windows environments.
    * As with environments such as Linux, by adding the following specification to mackerel-agent.conf, metrics will not be collected from the specified file systems.

```
[filesystems]
ignore = "C:"
```

ignore specifies a regular expression. By all means, try applying it.


### mackerel-check-plugins 0.9.1

* It is now possible to specify `glob` in the `--file` option of the check-log plugin.


### mkr 0.14.1
* Minor adjustments
