---
Title: 'Mackerel-agent-plugins and  go-check-plugins have been updated  etc. '
Date: 2017-01-06T18:00:08+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170106
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10328749687204037666
---

Happy New Year! This is the first feature update of 2017!

Continuing last year’s tradition, Mackerel plans on making weekly releases of all sorts of useful features throughout this year as well! 

## mackerel-agent-plugins, go-check-plugins have been updated

Both mackerel-agent-plugins and go-check-plugins have been updated. Details are as follows.

### mackerel-agent-plugins 0.25.0

* The stability of mackerel-plugin-docker has been improved.
* In mackerel-plugins-apache2, metrics ending in a dot have been corrected.
    * Please note that this modification is not backwards compatible (For those previously using this feature, the metric name will change after the update).
* Other minor modifications

### go-check-plugins 0.9.0

* The check-log plugin’s encoding option malfunction has been corrected.

## id:Soudai has joined the Mackerel team!

On January 1st, a new member joined the Mackerel development team!! Welcome sales engineer, id:Soudai!!

[http://soudai.hatenablog.com/entry/2017/01/04/190124:title]

Keep an eye out for him at future official events and seminars. If you see him, definitely say hello!

Here’s a comment from id:Soudai himself!

> Happy New Year! I’m Sone (id:Soudai) and I joined the Mackerel team as a sales engineer on January 1st!
> I used Mackerel at my previous job all the time and now I’m excited to show you guys, from a user’s point of view, just how amazing it really is! 
> I’m looking forward to meeting many of you in the future. 
> Please feel free to contact me! 
> Thank you very much!

Here’s to another great year!
