---
Title: Registering metadata via mackerel-agent is now supported  etc.
Date: 2017-02-27T16:34:43+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170224
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10328749687221677818
---

Hello! Sales engineer id:Soudai:detail here.

Last week, Mackerel ran a booth at the [2017 Developers Summit](http://event.shoeisha.jp/devsumi/20170216/). I went and it was great to meet so many people!

Anyways, here is this week’s update information.

## Registering metadata via mackerel-agent is now supported

Previously, metadata could only be registered from the Web API, but now registering via the agent is supported as well. With this, it is possible to create plugins that output the JSON of your choice to standard output, and have it automatically registered. We’ve provided some examples below. By all means, try them out!

### Example uses

#### Edits to mackerel-agent.conf

Register the created plugin in mackerel-agent.conf

```
[plugin.metadata.packages]
command = "php metadata-yum-packages.php"

```

#### Example JSON output 

Examples of plugin output and obtaining actual metadata

```
// Example JSON for the plugin to register
# php metadata-yum-packages.php | jq
[
  {
    "name": "acl.x86_64",
    "version": "2.2.49-6.11.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "acpid.x86_64",
    "version": "1.0.10-2.1.6.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "alsa-lib.x86_64",
    "version": "1.0.22-3.9.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "apr.x86_64",
    "version": "1.5.1-1.12.amzn1"
  },
  ︙ 
]

// Example output of the registered JSON
# curl -H 'X-Api-Key: ****' https://mackerel.io/api/v0/hosts/****/metadata/packages| jq

[
  {
    "name": "acl.x86_64",
    "version": "2.2.49-6.11.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "acpid.x86_64",
    "version": "1.0.10-2.1.6.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "alsa-lib.x86_64",
    "version": "1.0.22-3.9.amzn1"
  },
  {
    "name": "apr.x86_64",
    "version": "1.5.1-1.12.amzn1"
  },
  ︙ 
]

```

Plugins and one-liners for registering the content of brew list -versions are beginning to be written even within our company.  Please feel free to try it out!

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/metadata:embed:cite]

## API Gateway endpoints can now be specified in Webhook requests

Webhooks, one of Mackerel's notification channels, now supports more certificates. As a result, Amazon API Gateway is now supported. It is also now possible to call AWS Lambda via Amazon API Gateway.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/alerts/webhook:embed:cite]

## Abbreviated notification titles are now for email notifications only

In [January 27th’s update blog](https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170127), we announced the feature release of abbreviated titles for notifications including Slack and email that exceed a certain number of characters. This feature has been updated to target email notifications only. Notification titles from Slack and other channels will again be displayed at full length according to the original specifications. 

## Updates for mackerel-agent and more

- mackerel-agent 0.40.0
  - The above mentioned metadata registration support was added
  - Refactoring and such were carried out
  
- go-check-plugins 0.9.4 
  - Writing to temporary files were corrected

## Mackerel at JAWS DAYS 2017

Mackerel is set to participate as a sponsor at [JAWS DAYS 2017](http://jawsdays2017.jaws-ug.jp/) held on March 11th (Sat.). I’ll be giving a presentation on Mackerel during the lunch session and just like this year’s theme “Link Up!” suggests, I look forward to meeting up and telling you all about the new world through Mackerel! 



