---
Title: 'Updates for mackerel-agent and check-plugin '
Date: 2017-03-10T18:47:52+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20170310
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10328749687225724056
---

Hello. Mackerel sales engineer id:a-know:detail here.

I’m in the habit of checking the weather forecast everyday before I head to work and the temperature just doesn’t seem to want to warm up. I’m ready for a season where I don’t need my coat.

Over the last couple of weeks we’ve announced our participation as a sponsor of [JAWS DAYS 2017](http://jawsdays2017.jaws-ug.jp/), but the day is finally upon us with the event being held tomorrow.

Mackerel sales engineer id:Soudai:detail will being giving a presentation during the A-track lunchtime session. Be sure not to miss it!

Anyways, here is this week’s update information.

## Updates for Mackerel-agent・go-check-plugins

### mackerel-agent v0.41.1

mackerel-agent was updated to version 0.41.1. The main changes are as follows.

* supervisor mode added
    * By specifying as `mackerel-agent supervise [-conf <config-file>] [options]`, running in supervisor mode is now possible
    * By running in supervisor mode, you can restart and have automatic recovery when process crashes occur via `HUP` signals
* The issue with environment variables not being handed over when the user option is specified was fixed
    * By specifying the user option in the plugin settings of mackerel-agent.conf, it is possible to specify an executive user for each plugin
* [Windows version agent] The following changes were made
    * The issue of disk IOPS metrics only being able to obtain C drive was corrected 
    * The check-tcp plugin was included


### go-check-plugins v0.9.5

Mackerel’s go-check-plugins was also updated. The latest version is now 0.9.5. The main changes are as follows.

* [check-tcp] The following corrections were made
    * Connection waiting time is now taken into account when the timeout option is specified
    * The option to specify the number of seconds can now handle decimal values

## An interview article was written about Mackerel’s development process and tools!

Since the launch of the service in September 2014, Mackerel has made consecutive weekly releases (By the way, this week marks 138 weeks straight!). We’ve been receiving many questions about Mackerel's development process and its flow, but this time we’ve been interviewed by Mr. Shiraishi, a member of the [HTML5 Experts.jp](https://html5experts.jp/)  editorial department. The article was released today!

[https://html5experts.jp/miyuki-baba/22378/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

Not only does this article talk about Mackerel’s development system and “things to look out for in development”, It also references development environments, tools, and more.

If you’re interested, by all means, check it out!
