---
Title: AWS Integration now supported with S3 and more
Date: 2018-12-20T15:01:52+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20181217
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10257846132687488213
---

Hello! Mackerel team CRE Miura (id:missasan:detail) here.

Last week was full of events for the Mackerel team with the DevOps Hands-on Seminar, the Operations Management Solution Seminar, and Drink Up. Again, I was able to meet face to face with many users at this year’s events. Following the New Year, another event is already scheduled for January 23rd (Wednesday), a seminar on "Implementing AWS Operational Monitoring and Security Measures with Mackerel and WafCharm". There are others in the works as well. You won’t want to miss out on next year’s events!

Now on to this week’s update information.

## AWS Integration now supported with S3

S3, one of the most highly used services of AWS, has finally been added to AWS Integration. Check out the help page linked below for more details.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/integrations/aws/s3:embed:cite]

## Stacked graphs can now be displayed in custom dashboard role graphs

When adding a role graph to a custom dashboard, you now have the option of selecting either a stacked or line graph for the graph display.

[f:id:mackerelio:20181217141228p:plain]


## The ON/OFF setting for experimental features has been removed

With this update, it is now unnecessary for the user to have to turn on the experimental features display. Experimental features are now always displayed.

See the help page linked below to check which features are currently experimental features.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/advanced/experimental-features:embed:cite]

## “Implementing AWS Operational Monitoring・Security Measures with Mackerel・WafCharm” a seminar held on January 23rd!

Hatena and Cyber Security Cloud will be holding a seminar where we’ll talk about the best practices regarding AWS infrastructure operational monitoring and security solutions. The first part of the seminar will go over security automation in SaaS with AWS, the second part will be an explanation on Cyber Security Cloud's AWS WAF automatic operation service "WafCharm", and the final part will introduce the cloud type server monitoring tool "Mackerel" from Hatena. Don’t miss out!

[https://mackerelio.connpass.com/event/111349/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

#### Event details

- Date and time： Wednesday, January 23rd, 2019   3:00 p.m. ~ 5:30 p.m. JST (Reception starts at 2:30 p.m.)
- Venue：Amazon Web Services Japan, Inc. 
- Address：〒153-0064 Tokyo, Meguro-ku, Shimomeguro 1-8-1, Arko Tower 14F Seminar Room
- Access：5 minute walk from Meguro Station (JR · Tokyu Meguro Line · Tokyo Metro Namboku Line · Toei Subway Mita Line) 

※AWS has three offices in Meguro, so please be careful not to get mixed-up.
