---
Title: mackerel-plugin-mssql release  etc.
Date: 2018-08-08T16:45:34+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20180730
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10257846132608687578
---

Hello! Mackerel team CRE Miura (id:missasan:detail) here.

This week, we have two Windows related releases! If you’re a Windows user, be sure to check out the details.

Now on to the update information.

## mackerel-plugin-mssql release

Mackerel-plugin-mssql, a metric plugin for monitoring Microsoft SQL Servers has been released. This plugin is Windows-only and is included in the Windows installer (msi file). If using, please download and update to the latest msi file.

For more details on how to use the plugin, see the README below.

[https://github.com/mackerelio/mackerel-agent-plugins/tree/master/mackerel-plugin-mssql:embed:cite]

## Auto retire feature added to mackerel-agent for Windows

We’ve added a feature to automatically perform the retirement process from Mackerel when shutting down with a Windows server.

See the link below for configuration details.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/auto-scaling#Windows%E7%89%88mackerel-agent%E3%82%92%E5%88%A9%E7%94%A8%E3%81%97%E3%81%A6%E3%81%84%E3%82%8B:embed:cite]

In some cases, auto retirement may not execute normally such as when shutting down the server using the public cloud feature.

- When the OS standard shutdown process is not executed
- When network connection fails during the auto retirement process

Etc.

Before starting this operation, first confirm that the automatic retirement process is executed as expected in your environment.

## Improvements made to mackerel-plugin-mysql metric value calculation method

The metric value calculation method of MySQL innodb Transactions for mackerel-plugin-mysql has been improved. This fix is applicable to MySQL 5.6.4 and later.
