---
Title: Release of Anomaly Detection for roles and more
Date: 2019-03-08T18:54:05+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20190304
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/17680117126990058940
---

Mackerel team CRE Miura (id:missasan:detail) here.

Thank you to everyone who came out to the Meetup last weekend. I hope everyone had a good time. The event report will be coming out soon, so be sure to keep a lookout for that.

Last week we finally released Anomaly Detection for roles, our new feature that uses machine learning. The feature is scheduled for an official release in May, but until then, you can try out the Anomaly Detection for roles feature as part of our free promotion. Be sure to give it a try and let us know what you think.

Now on to the this week’s update information.

## Release of Anomaly Detection for roles (with free promotional campaign)

Our new feature Anomaly Detection for roles (beta version), which uses machine learning, has been released. For more on how to use the feature, be sure to check out the page linked below.

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/anomaly-detection-for-roles/about:embed:cite]

For more details, refer to the help page linked below as well.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/anomaly-detection-for-roles:embed:cite]

#### We are currently offering a free promotional campaign!

During the feature’s beta period, Anomaly Detection for roles can be used for free (with no additional charges). This feature is for ‘Standard’ and ‘Trial’ plans. Be sure to take advantage of this free period and try out the new feature in a variety of different environments. We’re looking forward to your feedback!

Please note, following the feature’s official release scheduled for May, environments that have Anomaly Detection for roles enabled will automatically switchover to incur charges.

## Help and other Mackerel documents made open-source

Mackerel's Help pages and other documents are now open-source.

[https://github.com/mackerelio/documents:embed:cite]

If there are any parts that need correction regarding the Help or FAQ, we are accepting pull requests. Japanese only and pull requests in Japanese are also welcome.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/:embed:cite]

We look forward to your pull requests!

## check-log plugin now supported for log read timeout

With the release of go-check-plugins v0.28.0, the check-log plugin is now supported for log read timeouts. Up until now, if a timeout occurred while a log was being read, it would sometimes result in an error. With this release, improvements were made and timeouts during log reading can now be handled normally.

If the command configuration in the Mackerel agent configuration file is not set to array specifications (for character string specifications), there is a possibility that timeouts can not be handled normally depending on the environment. Therefore, it is recommended that you set the command configuration to array specifications.

## Operation Monitoring Solution Seminar with Cloud portal x SIOS Coati x Mackerel on March 12th (Tues)!

Together, Hatena, SIOS TECHNOLOGY, Inc., and Sony Network Communications, Inc. will be holding a seminar in Tokyo.

We’ve heard from quite a few companies that have had operational issues with the introduction of AWS. This seminar will introduce application management tools to help you automate as much as possible and ensure that AWS is on track! We’ll go over the best practices for managing AWS with Hatena's Mackerel, SIOS Technology’s SIOS Coati, and Sony Network Communications' Managed Cloud Portal.

#### Event Details
- Date and time：Tuesday, March 12, 2019 from 3:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.（Reception starts at 2:30 p.m.）
- Venue：Akihabara UDX 4F Next-2 （2 min. walk from Akihabara station） [[MAP](https://udx-s.jp/access/)]
- Admission：Free
- Sponsors：SIOS TECHNOLOGY, Inc., and Sony Network Communications, Inc., and Hatena, Inc.

#### Apply here

[https://www.bit-drive.ne.jp/managed-cloud/news/seminar_20190312/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

## DevOps Hands-on ~Building a safe and secure DevOps environment with AWS and Mackerel~ on March 15th (Fri) !

Hatena and Classmethod, Inc. will hold a hands-on seminar at the Shibuya Hikarie on Friday March 15th.

At this event, Hatena (Mackerel) and Classmethod, both of which who have earned DevOps competency certifications in the AWS partner system, will explain hands-on how to build CI/CD pipeline environments that combine Mackerel and AWS Code series. This is a great opportunity to learn more about the latest DevOps environments that combine monitoring and CI/CD pipelines.

#### Event Details
- Date and time：Friday, March 15, 2019 from 2:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. (Reception starts at 1:30 p.m.)
- Venue：Shibuya Hikarie 11th floor Sky Lobby Hikarie Conference Room C [[MAP](https://www.google.co.jp/maps/place/%E6%B8%8B%E8%B0%B7%E3%83%92%E3%82%AB%E3%83%AA%E3%82%A8/@35.6590249,139.7012843,17z/data=!3m2!4b1!5s0x60188b58f894f891:0x4ceb5b05dd6f9d0b!4m5!3m4!1s0x60188b5850e5a83f:0x70297507b32efce5!8m2!3d35.6590249!4d139.703473?hl=ja)] 
- Capacity：20 people
- Addmission：Free
- Sponsors：Classmethod, Inc. and Hatena, Inc.

#### Apply here

[https://go.pardot.com/l/304611/2019-02-11/bfdhf:embed:cite] (Japanese only)
