---
Title: The release of Mackerel container agent (public beta) and more
Date: 2019-02-20T17:49:17+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20190218
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/17680117126973646592
---

Mackerel team CRE Miura (id:missasan:detail) here.

The long-awaited Mackerel container agent (public beta) has finally been released!

Also, Mackerel Meetup #13 Tokyo is scheduled to be held on Friday, March 1st at the Tokyo office of Cybozu, Inc. At the event, a lot of the topics will focus on the operation and monitoring of containers. This will be a great opportunity to get the story behind the development and some know-how regarding using Mackerel container agent.You don’t want to miss it!

Now on to this week’s update information.

## The release of Mackerel container agent (public beta)

Mackerel container agent has been released. Use it to monitor containers on container orchestration platforms. Currently, the following platforms are supported.

- Amazon ECS
- AWS Fargate
- Kubernetes

Executable as a task/Pod sidecar, you can post CPU, memory, and network interface metrics as system metrics for each container. You can also configure the monitoring rate based on the obtained metric in the [Monitor Settings screen](https://mackerel.io/my/monitors).

For details regarding specifications or the setup process for Mackerel container agent, check out the Help page linked below.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/container-agent:embed:cite]

Mackerel container agent is still in the development process in preparation for its official release. So please give it a try and let us know what you think. Incompatible changes will not be made without an announcement, however, depending on demand, changes may be made with advance notice.

For Amazon ECS / AWS Fargate, 1 task will count as one host. For Kubernetes, 1 Pod will count as 1 host. The number of hosts will be calculated using a moving average of the previous month. For more details, please refer to [FAQ · Calculating the number of hosts](https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/faq/contracts/calculate-host-number).

※The billing system for registered hosts with container agent will change in the future.

## Mackerel Meetup #13 Tokyo on March 1st (Fri)!

We’ll be borrowing Cybozu Inc.’s Tokyo office seminar room to hold Mackerel Meetup #13 Tokyo! Our very own Imai (id:hayajo_77:detail), the developer behind Mackerel container agent, is scheduled to speak at the event. The presentation will go over the agent’s specifications and features, as well as design ideas and implementation methods.

Click on the link below to apply.

[https://mackerelio.connpass.com/event/118995/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

#### Event details

- Date and time: March 1, 2019 (Fri) at 4:30 p.m. ~ 9:00 p.m. (JST) (Reception starts at 4:00 p.m.)
- Venue: Cybozu Inc. Tokyo Office
- Address: 〒103-6028 Tokyo, Chuo-ku, Nihonbashi 2-7-1, Tokyo Nihonbashi Tower 27th floor (Reception 7F)
- Access: [Tokyo Office Access Map | Cybozu Inc.](https://cybozu.co.jp/company/access/tokyo/)
- Cost: Free
