---
Title: cron and other batch jobs can now be monitored with the mkr wrap command and
  more
Date: 2019-02-27T19:25:32+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/weekly/20190225
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/17680117126982202553
---

Mackerel team CRE Miura（id:missasan:detail) here.

As the end of the week approaches, we look forward to Mackerel Meetup # 13 Tokyo on March 1st (Friday). The number of LT spots has been increased. There’s still 1 open, so please apply! General participation is also still available. Let's have a drink together at Meetup this Friday!

[https://mackerelio.connpass.com/event/118995/:embed:cite] (Japanese only)

Now on to this week’s update information.

## cron and other batch jobs can now be monitored with the mkr wrap command

With mkr v0.35.0, cron and other batch jobs can now be monitored with the mkr wrap command. When you execute a command such as `% mkr wrap -- /path/to/your-batch …`, and the command returns with a non-zero exit, an alert will occur in Mackerel.

For more details, check out the help page linked below.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/mkr/wrap:embed:cite]


## check plugin operation can now be checked with the mkr check run command

With mkr v0.35.0, you can now use the mkr check run command to check the configuration and operation of the check plugin specified in mackerel-agent.conf.

When you execute a command such as `% mkr checks run`, results similar to the following will be displayed.

```
ok 7 - load
  ---
  command: ['check-load -w 2,2,2 -c 5,5,5']
  status: OK
  stdout: 'LOAD OK: load average: 0.06, 0.03, 0.05'
```

If the check fails, it will have a non-zero exit.

## source option added to mackerel-plugin-mongodb

With mackerel-agent-plugins v0.55.0, the `-source` option was added to mackerel-plugin-mongodb. By specifying `-source=<authenticationDatabase>` when executing the plugin, it is now possible to select the database specified during user authentication.

[https://github.com/mackerelio/mackerel-agent-plugins/tree/master/mackerel-plugin-mongodb:embed:cite]

## socket option added to mackerel-plugin-php-fpm

With mackerel-agent-plugins v0.55.0, the `-socket` option was added to mackerel-plugin-php-fpm. This option allows you to retrieve metrics via UNIX domain sockets and TCP services.

Check out the README below for more details on how to use the option.
[https://github.com/mackerelio/mackerel-agent-plugins/tree/master/mackerel-plugin-php-fpm:embed:cite]

## Metrics added to AWS Integration Redshift

New metrics such as QueriesCompletedPerSecond and more have been added to AWS Integration Redshift.

For more details on obtainable metrics, check out the help page linked below.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/integrations/aws/redshift:embed:cite]

A big thank you to everyone who contributed!
