---
Title: mackerel-agent 0.17.1 released
Date: 2015-06-19T18:32:12+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/2015/06/19/183212
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8454420450098150936
---

This week's Mackerel update:

## mackerel-agent 0.17.1 has been released

mackerel-agent 0.17.1 has been released. The following are the changes that have been made.

#### Setting host statuses
In Mackerel a host's current status is expressed as either `working` , `standby` , `maintenance` , or `poweroff` , each different status either allowing or enabling monitoring and/or alert notifications.

As a new feature of mackerel-agent 0.17, it is now possible to have hosts' statuses change upon booting up as well as when shutting down the agent.

```config
# /etc/mackerel-agent/mackerel-agent.conf
[host_status]
on_start = "working"
on_stop  = "poweroff"
```

For example, by making the assignments as shown above, a host's status can be set to `working` when the agent boots up, and `poweroff` when the agent shuts down.

#### Giving hosts alias names

Apart from the host name which is automatically posted by the agent, it is also possible to create an alias to be used as a host's display name.

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/2015/03/20/162759:embed:cite]

As a new feature of mackerel-agent 0.17, these alias names can now be sent from the agent. 

```config
# /etc/mackerel-agent/mackerel-agent.conf
display_name = "My Host"
```

Configuration can be done in the settings file as shown above.

#### Diagnostics mode: post the agent's memory usage condition as a metric

With mackerel-agent 0.17 and later, it is now possible to collect the agent's memory usage condition and send it to Mackerel as a custom metric. Validation of this feature can be done in the agent boot options or in the configuration file.

```config
# /etc/mackerel-agent/mackerel-agent.conf
diagnostic = true
```

or

```
mackerel-agent -diagnostic
```

For more information about these new features, please refer to the Help page.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/spec/agent:embed:cite]

## mkr CLI tool comes included with mackerel-agent

`mkr`, a useful tool for automating and performing operations from the command line, now comes built in with the mackerel-agent.

With mkr, host status operations as well as retiring hosts can be executed with commands. By combining these commands, it's easier to institute automations such as changing the statuses of all hosts within a specific service, or producing a list of all hosts within a particular role and easily generating pipeline input data and so on.

For more information about how to use mkr please refer to the Help page.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/advanced/cli:embed:cite]

※At present only the rpm and deb packages include mkr.
