---
Title: Notification of further maintenance scheduled for late August (Aug 21st)
Date: 2017-07-31T13:49:30+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170727
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8599973812284203321
---

Hi, Mackerel sub-producer id:Songmu:detail here. As mentioned in a [previous post] (https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170711), we will be carrying out maintenance on August 7th (Mon), followed by a second stage of maintenance. The date for the second stage of maintenance has now been set, so I will let you know the details below.

## Date and time of second stage of maintenance

Monday, August 21st, 2017 from 2:30pm to 3:30pm (JST)

## Details of work

Relocation of the URL external monitoring, AWS integration, and Azure integration subsystems.

## Range of impact

Service will not be suspended. However, there is a possibility that monitoring via the affected subsystems mentioned above may become unavailable several times whilst the work is carried out.

After the maintenance is complete, the source IP address used for Mackerel notification channels, such as URL external monitoring, AWS integration, Azure integration and Webhook, will change. Email notifications will remain unchanged.

Furthermore, in the case of URL external monitoring, the monitoring conditions including location will be updated, so the trend of measured response times may fluctuate slightly.

The list of affected and new IP addresses can be found in a previous blog entry, so please also check this post in conjunction.

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170711:embed:cite]

## About announcements on the day

We will make announcements on the status page (http://status.mackerel.io).

Status updates will appear on the status page as necessary. In the unlikely event that the maintenance period is extended, we will also inform you of this via the status page.

Furthermore, after the maintenance has been completed, we will post details on this blog, including the actual time taken.

If you have any queries regarding this matter, please contact us via email, at support@mackerel.io.

Thank you for your support of Mackerel, we look forward to continuing to work with you in the future.
