---
Title: Notice for mackerel-agent’s new package repositories for yum and apt
Date: 2017-06-16T16:15:17+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170616
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8599973812270592514
---

We recently released new package repositories for yum and apt targeted for the new Linux distribution. We will continue to maintain existing package repositories, so there is no need to immediately change your existing environment. Continue below for detailed installation methods for each.

<https://mackerel.io/my/instruction-agent>

In this entry, the existing package repository will be referred to as "v1" and the new repository as "v2".

## Regarding supported distributions

The supported distributions of v1, v2 are as follows. Amazon Linux has its own repository, so this change will not affect it.


| Repository | Supported distributions     |
|------------|--------------------------------|
| yum v1     | CentOS 6/7                     |
| yum v2     | CentOS 7 or later                   |
| apt v1     | Debian 7/8, Ubuntu 14.04/16.04 |
| apt v2     | Debian 8 or later、Ubuntu 16.04 or later |

## v2 repository features

The v2 repository has the following features.

- Systemd direct support
- Drastic volume reduction for plugin packages
- gpg signature for SHA256
- Only offered for 64bit
 
### Systemd direct support

We got rid of the SysVinit format startup file and now support Systemd directly. This will make running mackerel-agent more stable.

Additionally, logs are now output to Journal. You can check the mackerel-agent log with the following command.

```sh
sudo journalctl -u mackerel-agent.service
```

### Drastic volume reduction for plugin packages

The build method was revised and the file sizes for the mackerel-agent-plugins and mackerel-check-plugins packages have been reduced to about 1/10th of the size. The current versions are as follows.

| Package | v1 | v2 |
|-|-|
| mackerel-agent-plugins(v0.28.0) | 56.6MB | 4.23MB |
| mackerel-check-plugins(v0.10.4) | 20.5MB | 2.75MB |

## How to update the package repository from v1 to v2

If you would like to switch to an environment where mackerel-agent etc. is already installed to the v2 repository, you’ll first need to delete the package installed with the v1 repository, delete the v1 repository configuration body, then set up the v2 repository.

The procedure for each deletion is provided below.

Before deleting anything, we recommend that you backup the configuration file (/etc/mackerel-agent/mackerel-agent.conf, / etc / sysconfig / mackerel-agent, / etc / default / mackerel-agent) just in case.
 
### yum v1 repository removal

```sh
sudo yum remove -y mackerel-agent mackerel-agent-plugins mackerel-check-plugins mkr
sudo rm /etc/yum.repos.d/mackerel.repo
sudo yum clean all
```

After completing this procedure, the configuration files will be renamed and saved as /etc/mackerel-agent/mackerel-agent.conf.rpmsave /etc/sysconfig/mackerel-agent.rpmsave.

### apt v1 repository removal

```sh
- sudo apt-get remove -y mackerel-agent mackerel-agent-plugins mackerel-check-plugins mkr
- sudo rm /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mackerel.list
- sudo apt-key del C2B48821
- sudo apt-get clean
```

The configuration file will not be deleted by performing this procedure.

### How to install the v2 repository

After completing the above procedures, install mackerel-agent. Please refer to the following link for installation instructions.

<https://mackerel.io/my/instruction-agent>

## Regarding the Provisioning Toolchain

We will be supporting the officially offered Chef’s cookbook and Ansible’s Role in sequential order.
