---
Title: 【Important】Scheduled maintenance in early August
Date: 2017-07-12T18:07:39+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20170711
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8599973812279029670
---

Dear Mackerel users, 

Thank you for your continued support. I’m id:sugiyama88:detail, Mackerel’s project manager.

Thanks to all of you, Mackerel has grown a lot. And in order to prepare for even further leaps forward in the future, we have decided to schedule some maintenance. The main objective of this maintenance will be performance and feature expansions of the time series database.

At the time of scheduled maintenance, we will put maximum effort into minimizing the impact as much as possible. We are making this announcement in advance because users may be affected. Additionally, the maintenance is scheduled to be divided into two stages.

This is an important measure in order to be able to continually offer a better service and we thank you for your understanding and cooperation. 

## Maintenance schedule and effects

### Maintenance #1

August 7th, 2017 (Monday) 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. (JST)

- Access to "mackerel.io" will be unstable during the above mentioned time period
  - Actions such as accessing Mackerel via the Web, Mackerel agent data posting, API access (including the CLI tool), and alert notifications may become unavailable 
  - Temporary buffering and resending are expected regarding metric postings from mackerel-agent 

### Maintenance #2

Scheduled for mid-September 2017 (a separate announcement will be made)

The source IP address used for URL external monitoring, AWS integration, Azure integration, and Mackerel notification channels such as Webhook, etc. will change. There will be no change concerning mail notifications.

## Future announcement plans

Notices will be made according the the schedule below, but please be aware that some fluctuation is possible depending on the circumstances. Announcements will be re-made regardless of change.

### Maintenance #1
1. 7/11 (Tuesday) An announcement will be made via blog and newsletter (1 month in advance)
2. 7/24 (Monday) An announcement will be made via newsletter（2 weeks in advance）
3. 7/31 (Monday) An announcement will be made via newsletter（1 week in advance）
4. 8/4 (Friday) An announcement will be made via newsletter (3 days in advance)
5. 8/7 (Monday) An announcement will be made  before and after maintenance via newsletter and Status.io (status.mackerel.io)

We will keep you posted from our blog as soon as updated information is available.

### Maintenance #2

A separate announcement will be made.

## Changes and requests

### Maintenance #1

The IP address of mackerel.io will change. For customers who are subject to IP address restrictions, add the new IP address in addition to the current IP address to the transmission permission target by August 7th (Monday).

※Due to a possibility of roll backs after maintenance completion, we suggest allowing the current IP address to remain for a few months. We will make a separate announcement regarding deletion of the current IP address.

#### Current IP address

- 59.106.194.79/32
- 59.106.194.84/30

#### New IP address

- 13.113.31.156/32
- 54.92.89.142/32
- 52.196.35.56/32
- 52.69.239.167/32
- 52.198.226.45/32
- 52.198.218.152/32
- 13.113.245.173/32
- 52.199.207.168/32
- 52.193.231.228/32

### Maintenance #2

The source IP address used for URL external monitoring, AWS integration, Azure integration, and Mackerel notification channels such as Webhook, etc. will change. There will be no change concerning mail notifications.

For customers who are subject to IP address restrictions, add the new IP address in addition to the current IP address to the transmission permission target by the day of maintenance (A separate announcement will be made).

※Due to a possibility of roll backs after maintenance completion, we suggest allowing the current IP address to remain for a few months. We will make a separate announcement regarding deletion of the current IP address.

In addition, since some variation is expected in URL external monitoring HTTP response times, users with strict settings should adjust threshold values after maintenance.

#### Current IP address

- 59.106.108.64/26

#### New IP address

- 52.193.111.118/32
- 52.196.125.133/32
- 13.113.213.40/32
- 52.197.186.229/32
- 52.198.79.40/32
- 13.114.12.29/32
- 13.113.240.89/32
- 52.68.245.9/32
- 13.112.142.176/32

For any inquiries concerning this matter, contact us at support@mackerel.io.

Thank you for choosing Mackerel.
