---
Title: Notice of database maintenance completion on 7/18(Wed.)
Date: 2018-07-20T16:01:23+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20180718
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/10257846132602947691
---

Mackerel Team Director id:daiksy:detail here.

This is an announcement to report that the planned database maintenance scheduled for July 18th, 2018 (Wed.) was successfully completed without incident.

Maintenance work started on schedule at 3:00 p.m. (Japan time) and was completed at 8:00 p.m. as the result of two extension periods. We understand that this extended period of system stoppage was an inconvenience and we greatly appreciate your cooperation.

[https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20180618:embed:cite]

### Maintenance time period overview

Operations were carried out in the following sequence.

- 3:00 p.m. ~ 4:30 p.m.: System shutdown and implementation of database maintenance
- 4:30 p.m. ~ 6:00 p.m.:  Confirmation of operation. High-capacity control for retransmission processing from mackerel-agent.
- 6:00 p.m. ~ 7:00 p.m. :1 hour extension of maintenance period. Continued high-capacity control for retransmission processing from mackerel-agent.
- 7:00 p.m. ~ 8:00 p.m. : Additional 1 hour extension with only connectivity monitoring component stopped. Observation of mackerel-agent’s retransmission processing and restoration of connectivity monitoring component.

At 8:00 p.m., all features were confirmed re-operational and the maintenance period ended.

This concludes the maintenance report.

Here at Mackerel, we will continue to do our best to maintain a stable work environment for our users in the future. Thank you for your cooperation and thank you for choosing Mackerel.
