---
Title: The system will temporarily shut down for database maintenance on 7/18 (Wed.)
Date: 2018-06-18T16:20:59+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/announcement/20180618
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/17391345971654334034
---

Mackerel Product Manager id:Songmu:detail here. As stated in the title, system maintenance is scheduled to be carried out this month.

Because this maintenance will require the system to be temporarily shut down for a relatively long period of time, we understand that this will be an inconvenience for all of our users and we apologize. Nevertheless, this maintenance is indispensable to continuously providing better service in the future. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation.

## Scheduled date and time

**Wednesday, July 18th, 2018 from 3:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. (JST)**

※ This time period is the longest case scenario. The system will restart as soon as maintenance has been completed.

#### Time schedule breakdown of operations
- 15:00-17:00 Time frame of actual maintenance work to be carried out
- 17:00-18:00 Estimated additional time frame to confirm retransmission from mackerel-agent after system restart

## Content

Database maintenance

## Regarding the impact on the day of

- The maintenance completion time stated above, is an estimate of the longest case scenario.  The actual maintenance period will end once the work has been completed.
- After maintenance has begun, the entire Mackerel system will shutdown for a short period of time.
    - Web access to Mackerel, data posting by the agent, API access (including the CLI tool), alert notifications, etc. will be unavailable.
- As soon as the maintenance work is completed and operation confirmation is obtained, the system suspension will end and an announcement will be made
- As for mackerel-agent metric posting, data will be buffered from mackerel-agent during the maintenance period and resent after maintenance has been completed
    - If resent correctly, graphs during the maintenance period will also be displayed.
    - Please be aware that restarting / stopping the mackerel-agent before retransmission has been completed will result in the loss of buffering data.
    - Launching mackerel-agent during the maintenance period will fail because communicating with the Mackerel system will be unavailable.

## Regarding announcements on the day of

Announcements will be made from the Mackerel status page (http://status.mackerel.io) as well as from this blog (https://mackerel.io/blog/).

In addition, we’ll also be using our official Twitter account (https://twitter.com/mackerelio_jp).

## For inquiries related to this matter

Please send all inquiries regarding this matter to support@mackerel.io.

Thank you again for your understanding and cooperation. And thank you for choosing Mackerel.
