---
Title: Add checks to monitoring using scripts, improvements made to graph performance,
  etc.
Date: 2015-05-15T18:23:54+09:00
URL: https://mackerel.io/blog/entry/2015/05/15/182354
EditURL: https://blog.hatena.ne.jp/mackerelio/mackerelio.hatenablog.mackerel.io/atom/entry/8454420450094528867
---

This week’s Mackerel update:

##Monitoring checks from scripts

By registering in the agent a command which will output monitor results in Nagios plugin compatible format, that output can then be visualized and targeted by monitoring.

We hope that using this feature will give Mackerel users a more flexible monitoring experience.

For more information please refer to the Help page.

[https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/custom-checks:embed:cite]

mackerel-agent version 0.16.0 or later will be required to use this feature.

##Optional time zone configuration

For each individual Mackerel organization, it’s now possible to configure an arbitrary time zone which will be displayed in graphs as well as notifications. When creating a new organization, time zone information will be acquired from the user agent of the browser you are using until specified otherwise.

You can change your time zone settings in your <a href="https://mackerel.io/my?tab=setting">organization’s details and settings page.</a>

[https://cdn-ak.f.st-hatena.com/images/fotolife/m/mackerelio/20150514/20150514182332.png:image]

##Excluding retired hosts from search results

Until now, all hosts which have ever been registered to Mackerel would appear in search results. With this update retired hosts can be excluded from search results, allowing you to more efficiently work with just those hosts that are actually being used.

To view search results including retired hosts like before, check this box in the upper-right hand side of the search results page.

[https://cdn-ak.f.st-hatena.com/images/fotolife/m/mackerelio/20150514/20150514175205.png:image]

## mackerel-agent 0.16.0 has been released

mackerel-agent 0.16.0 has been released. Features which have been added are as follows.

- The aforementioned monitoring checks with scripts feature.
- It’s now possible to obtain memory metrics on mac. ※mackerel-agent for mac is not officially supported at this time.

## Graph performance improved

Fine-tuning and adjustments have increased graph performance resulting in faster load times.

Continually improving graph performance is an ongoing process we at Mackerel devote considerable attention to.
